README.md, before:

# HiveTodo

**HiveTodo** is a task management application designed to help users create, manage, and organize tasks efficiently. The application supports features such as task completion tracking, task deletion, and a sleek, responsive UI. It is built with modern web technologies to ensure a smooth user experience.

## Project URL
[HiveTodo](https://hivetodo2.vercel.app)

---

## Features
- **Task Creation and Management**: Add and delete tasks easily.
- **Task Completion Tracking**: Mark tasks as completed and view completed tasks.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.
- **User-friendly Interface**: Intuitive navigation and interactions.

---

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React.js with TypeScript
- **Styling**: TailwindCss for modular and responsive styling
- **Deployment**: Vercel

---

## Installation and Setup

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed on your system:
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/joesef127/todo.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd hivetodo
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   # or
   yarn start
   ```

5. Open the application in your browser:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```


---

## Usage
1. Add tasks by typing the task details and clicking the "Add Task" button.
2. Mark tasks as completed by clicking the checkbox next to the task.
3. Delete tasks using the delete button.

---

## Deployment
The project is hosted on Vercel. To deploy changes:
1. Push your changes to the `main` branch.
2. Vercel will automatically deploy the updated version.

---

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to improve HiveTodo! Please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a feature branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```
3. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add your message here"
   ```
4. Push to your branch:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request.


## Contact
For inquiries, reach out via email:
- **Adegbola Adedayo**: [Adegboladayor@gmail.com](mailto:Adegboladayor@gmail.com)

Follow and explore my other projects on GitHub:
- **GitHub**: [joesef127](https://github.com/joesef127)

Commit message:

chore: edited readMe file and created delete task button and complete task button

README.md, after:

# HiveTodo

**HiveTodo** is a task management application designed to help users create, manage, and organize tasks efficiently. The application supports features such as task completion tracking, task deletion, and a sleek, responsive UI. It is built with modern web technologies to ensure a smooth user experience.

## Project URL
[HiveTodo](https://hivetodo2.vercel.app)

---

## Features
- **Task Creation and Management**: Add and delete tasks easily.
- **Task Completion Tracking**: Mark tasks as completed and view completed tasks.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.
- **User-friendly Interface**: Intuitive navigation and interactions.

---

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: React.js with TypeScript
- **Styling**: TailwindCss for modular and responsive styling
- **Deployment**: Vercel

---

## Installation and Setup

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed on your system:
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/joesef127/todo.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd hivetodo
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   # or
   yarn start
   ```

5. Open the application in your browser:
   ```
   http://localhost:3000
   ```


---

## Usage
1. Add tasks by typing the task details and clicking the "Add Task" button.
2. Mark tasks as completed by clicking the complete button.
3. Delete task using the delete button.
4. View completed tasks by clicking the "Completed Tasks" button.
5. Clear completed task list by clicking the "clear tasks" button.
6. Edit task by clicking the edit button.



---

## Deployment
The project is hosted on Vercel. To deploy changes:
1. Push your changes to the `main` branch.
2. Vercel will automatically deploy the updated version.

---

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to improve HiveTodo! Please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a feature branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```
3. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add your message here"
   ```
4. Push to your branch:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request.


## Contact
For inquiries, reach out via email:
- **Adegbola Adedayo**: [Adegboladayor@gmail.com](mailto:Adegboladayor@gmail.com)

Follow and explore my other projects on GitHub:
- **GitHub**: [joesef127](https://github.com/joesef127)
